Add deployment to the quick start (#1323)
ember-learn/guides-source: guides/release/getting-started/quick-start.md

FallbackResource index.html
```

## Deploying your app to Netlify

[Netlify](http://netlify.com/products) is a platform that deploys your apps to production.

![About Netlify](/images/quick-guide/netlify/netlify-product.png)

Why Netlify?

> It's fun and easy! It does not require a high level of knowledge for you to deploy your website to production. Netlify offers a free account option that satisfies most website production needs and no credit card is required. Netlify is also a long-term supporter of Ember ❤️. Following these steps will hopefully help you get your site up and running in minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It does not require a high level of knowledge for you to deploy your website to production.
Netlify offers a free account option and no credit card is required.
These Guides themselves are hosted on Netlify, while other parts of `emberjs.com` are hosted using Heroku, Fastly, GitHub pages, and AWS.
Overall, Ember developers have many options for how they deploy their apps!

Following these steps will help you get your site up and running in minutes:
```

> First you need to [sign-up for a Netlify account](https://app.netlify.com/signup) account if you do not already have one:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First you need to [sign up for a Netlify account](https://app.netlify.com/signup) account if you do not already have one:
```

FallbackResource index.html
```

## Deploying your app to Netlify

[Netlify](http://netlify.com/products) is a one of many ways to deploy your app to the web so you can share it with others!

![About Netlify](/images/quick-guide/netlify/netlify-product.png)

Why Netlify?

It does not require a high level of knowledge for you to deploy your website to production.
Netlify offers a free account option and no credit card is required.
These Guides themselves are hosted on Netlify, while other parts of `emberjs.com` are hosted using Heroku, Fastly, GitHub pages, and AWS.

> Overall, Ember developers have many options for how they deploy their apps!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Overall, Ember developers have many options for how they deploy their apps! You can learn more about them in the [Deployment tutorial](../tutorial/deploying/#toc_deployment-options).
```

Following these steps will help you get your site up and running in minutes:

> First you need to [sign up for a Netlify account](https://app.netlify.com/signup) account if you do not already have one:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First you need to [sign up for a Netlify account](https://app.netlify.com/signup) if you do not already have one:
```

FallbackResource index.html
```

## Deploying your app to Netlify

[Netlify](http://netlify.com/products) is a one of many ways to deploy your app to the web so you can share it with others!

![About Netlify](/images/quick-guide/netlify/netlify-product.png)

Why Netlify?

It does not require a high level of knowledge for you to deploy your website to production.
Netlify offers a free account option and no credit card is required.
These Guides themselves are hosted on Netlify, while other parts of `emberjs.com` are hosted using Heroku, Fastly, GitHub pages, and AWS.

> Overall, Ember developers have many options for how they deploy their apps! You can learn more about them in the [Deployment tutorial](../tutorial/deploying/#toc_deployment-options).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Overall, Ember developers have many options for how they deploy their apps! Netlify is just one of the many options you have.
```
